hello and Happy Holidays I am Elise from
the bee team and today I'm going to give
you a tiny peek into my family's
Christmas Eve traditions so we often
celebrate some Polish traditions on
Christmas Eve like sharing a plot key
and Christi key and of course pierogies
who doesn't love pierogies they are a
Polish dumpling often stuffed with
potatoes or with meat or sauerkraut and
today we're making potato pierogies from
scratch I'm gonna start by mixing the
wet ingredients together in this large
bowl I have two egg yolks 3/4 of a cup
of sour cream
I actually strained it to get any excess
moisture out so we put it in a strainer
over a bowl and put it in the fridge for
maybe 20 minutes a little longer if you
can and one stick of softened butter mix
it all together
now a little bit at a time I'm gonna
start to add in the flour here on the
side I have 2 cups of flour that I
sifted and you don't want to add it all
in at once because you may not have to
use all of it getting to the point where
I can really get rid of the spatula and
I need to get in there with my hands so
the pierogi dough has come together I
formed it into a disc and I'm gonna cut
it in half and wrap up each individual
piece with saran wrap and put them in
French well our Jo is made it's in the
fridge it should be in there for at
least 2 hours it can be in there for as
long as 2 days luckily I made some last
night so I'm ready to go just soften it
up a little bit always rotate now we're
just rolling the dough out and we're
looking for it to be about 1/8 of an
inch thick next step we're putting
circles into the dough to make our
pierogies
so now we are stuffing our pierogies
earlier I made this really delicious
mashed potato mixture
it also has mushrooms and spinach and
thyme once the fillings in place I'm
going to brush a little bit of this egg
wash on just on half of the edge of the
dough like so trying to get all the air
out of there
and finally fork it this entire pierogi
recipe including the potato filling is
available on Bobby Flay calm the
pierogies are together they're ready to
go into this pot of boiling water I'll
put a few at a time after doing some
testing we discovered that once you put
them into the water and they rise to the
top you have to time exactly four
minutes and then get them out just so
they don't overcook try to keep them
away from each other and also from the
sides of the pot now we're just going to
lightly Brown each side in a pan with
some butter and salt and pepper
so let's top them with some caramelized
onions and some fresh chopped parsley so
there you have it forget those frozen
pierogies at the store and make your own
it tastes so much better and it's really
pretty simple too as you saw